feat(curriculum) : Created a count up workshop for Javascript certification (#64828)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-countup/69446f18fdcb11aa516f7c5c.md

---
id: 69446f18fdcb11aa516f7c5c
title: Step 1
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-1
---

# --description--

In this workshop, you will be creating a `countup` function.

Start by creating an empty function named `countup` that takes a single parameter.

> This function will later be used to build an array that counts up from 1 to a given number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this workshop, you will be creating a `countup` function, that creates a an array with numbers from 1 to a given number using recursion.

Start by creating an empty function named `countup` that takes a single parameter.
```
